README.md, before:

# kanban-offline
An offline Kanban Board written in Node/JS/HTML to be used with Electron
## Cloud is great, but...
I have been looking for an offline version of a KanBan Board. There is a few out there but none worked for my specific use case.
I work in the Oil and Gas Industry and just didn't feel comfortable putting some of the information I used out there into the cloud.

**It's silly I know, but what the heck!**

## Features
This is still in the first working copy. I would call it Beta, except I am using it daily.

- Create KanBan Categories to your liking (In the future I plan to have these draggable and movable)
- Create *Post-It* like entries with 2 text fields and one date field (Future Expansion in this area planned) 
- Delete *Post-It* by double-clicking
- Create a seperate save file by clicking *Backup* and load from it later with *Load Backup*. (Redundancy never hurts)
- Add custom background by naming any CSS Background Image compatible file starnebula.jpg and adding it into ../views Folder

## Future Features

- ~~Fix same Title Issue~~
- ~~Fix Column Reorder is not possible~~
- Change Delete from Double-Click to *Edit Menu* Function that includes *Delete* Button
- ~~Add button to cancel new Entry (changed your mind, did ya') (Edit Menu with Cancel Button)~~

Commit message:

Added goal for multi-user support
only local networks

README.md, after:

# kanban-offline
An offline-first Kanban Board written in Node/JS/HTML to be used with Electron
## Cloud is great, but...
I have been looking for an offline version of a KanBan Board. There is a few out there but none worked for my specific use case.
I work in the Oil and Gas Industry and just didn't feel comfortable putting some of the information I used out there into the cloud.

**It's silly I know, but what the heck!**

## Features
This is still in the first working copy. I would call it Beta, except I am using it daily.

- Create KanBan Categories to your liking (In the future I plan to have these draggable and movable)
- Create *Post-It* like entries with 2 text fields and one date field (Future Expansion in this area planned) 
- Delete *Post-It* by double-clicking
- Create a seperate save file by clicking *Backup* and load from it later with *Load Backup*. (Redundancy never hurts)
- Add custom background by naming any CSS Background Image compatible file starnebula.jpg and adding it into ../views Folder

## Future Features

- ~~Fix same Title Issue~~
- ~~Fix Column Reorder is not possible~~
- ~~Change Delete from Double-Click to *Edit Menu* Function that includes *Delete* Button~~
- ~~Add button to cancel new Entry (changed your mind, did ya') (Edit Menu with Cancel Button)~~
- Add multiple users via local network
